they catch survival Trust has been going
now for over 43 years it's quite
remarkable that in 43 years we've yet to
have a paid member of staff here the
whole operation is a credit to many
hundreds of volunteers from universities
colleges local people who understand and
support the work that we do so between
68 and 75 when the charity started I
collected hundreds of books on cats and
environmental issues and realized that
something really had to be done for wild
cats because most people know about
perhaps five or six species but with 36
wild species no one seems to know about
these amazing caps that we have all
around the planet
currently we have a pair of
and one of the problems we face here is
when we introduce a male and female
together sometimes it will take quite a
few attempts to get the two to live
together the Bobcat we have here took
nine attempts to get them to accept each
other we hope that they will breed it's
an animal that is not seen commonly in
this country
caracals have much longer legs and
they're able to leap as much as 9 foot
in the air they also have long Tufts on
their ears and Brae large ears and this
helps them to catch food that they can't
see before they'll eat
one very interesting thing about
caracals is the long terms not only have
they got a very good sense of smell and
very good hearing
but those Tufts are actually used to
locate an animal they're chasing in long
grass they can smell the animal but of
course on a windy day that smell might
come from a totally different area than
where the animal is so they can judge
with the Tufts of the ears just by
sensing from the wind direction where
the animal they're going to catch is
likely to be not that I necessarily
agree with animals being kept in
captivity but I would stress that all
the caps here and animals that we have
have been bred in captivity haven't
known life in the wild and I certainly
appreciate the fact that because we've
got all these camps here in captivity in
1992 when we wanted to buy a piece of
virgin forest in Northeast Argentina we
got a lot of support from our members
and supporters who came up with the
300,000 we needed for the 10,000 acres
because they knew and understood by
seeing the animals that we have here how
important it was to save natural habitat